your secrets if you really look at
yourself you will be speechless what
happened to being doctors and teachers
what happened to being your brother's
keeper nowadays kids more worried what
is going on youtube so in the background
you can see you got some brand new
gameplay from black ops 3 and that's why
I'm here to talk to you guys about black
ops 3 and how most likely I will not be
purchasing this game and just talk about
my reasoning why I won't be buying this
but before I jump into it make sure the
like and subscribe button it really
helped my channel and let's jump right
into it so first I just want to
highlight three main reasons why I won't
be buying this game and then I'll talk
about the more in depth first off is the
game itself it doesn't really look too
enjoyable for me on the second bullet
point i have is there's a literally a
ton of video games that are coming out
this year that just peel me more than
black ops 3 and the last one is
backwards compatibility so the first
reason why i want to talk about why i
probably won't be buying black ops 3 is
a game itself it just doesn't really
appeal me it looks like typical called
you that keeps them coming out where
they just don't really innovate too much
when Sony had their press conference
this year for e3 they showed off a
little bit of the co-op gameplay for the
campaign and it just really didn't look
that fun it looked like a typical game
there's explosions everywhere it looked
pretty bland to me it didn't look like
it was that exciting and just look
boring to me and some other things about
the multiplayer that kind of turned me
off from this game is basically there's
some perks I've been seeing in some
recent game plays on YouTube we're
basically every so often you unlock it
and you can see everyone through the
walls and it's just like it's the Pearl
it's not kill streak and that is kind of
gives away the balancing of the
multiplayer which hopefully they fix it
but I have a feeling it's going to be in
there to stay and also with this new
gameplay mechanic with the specialist
characters if you ever played destiny
basically when you're playing
multiplayer or PVE you have a little bar
on the bar on the screen when it's fully
turns yellow you get some type of
ability sometimes if you're tying you at
the ground pound with everything in
front of you basically
getting killed and to unlock it
basically you've to withstand without
dying it slowly on earns me or up but
you can also speed it up by getting
kills and stuff like that and the same
thing is going into black ops 3 which
kind of sucks because you're rewarding
people who aren't even good at the game
they can literally be camping in the
corner in the very back of the map not
get one single kill but because their
bar fully reached the whole bar now
heating ground power there's literally
another ground pound they took straight
out destiny if you're in front of it or
buy it you instantly killed so if you're
actually playing the game right and
you're actually good in this new out of
nowhere who's came in the back of the
corner kills you with this it's gonna be
really frustrating and also I've been
getting really tired of these past call
of duty's especially starting with ghost
ghost was just a tremendous
disappointment I don't even want to
start talking about that how bad it was
and then advanced warfare it wasn't bad
but it really didn't entice me to keep
playing the series it kind of showed me
why there's all these other games out
there that are so much better than this
game so I'm a low turns off by the
future of it although Triarch is making
it and for me I believe that they are
the best Call of Duty developers out
there so i will try out the beta i see
how that is if i like it so i haven't
actually played the game so be
interested to see how well it actually
plays for me if I like it or not alright
my next bullet point is there's a ton of
brand new games that are coming out that
are more interesting and book a ton more
fun than black ops 3 now I'm just gonna
leave a couple of them and you know I
don't have the biggest budget I'm not
getting paid they're not shipping these
games to me to play for free I have to
actually spend money out of my wallet
and I don't really have a job right now
so i canta by every single game but
here's something games that are on my
watch list and I definitely probably
picking up later this year fallout 4
halo 5 Forza Motorsport 6 tomb raider
uncharted collection rainbow 6 siege
star wars battlefront and much much more
so if all those games I just said the
money alone
but just thinking about the time that
it's gonna take me to play Oh through
all these games and just enjoy the games
I really won't have time or perhaps
money to go out and pick up black ops 3
so that's no reason why I probably won't
be picking up this game and then the
last reason why I probably won't be
picking up black ops 3 is because this
III microsoft announced a huge
announcement and what it is is backwards
compatibility in case you guys haven't
heard about this basically Microsoft
software developers have found a way to
emulate the xbox 360 system so now if
you put in a approved xbox 360 game into
your xbox one it'll just work and if you
downloaded them or have a disc it'll be
free so you don't have to pay repay for
the game that you already own and this
is a huge feature because if arm
Activision allows backwards
compatibility because the publishers
have to say it's okay to use this and
while this could possibly network but
hopefully Activision is nice enough to
allow backwards compatibility for their
games which would mean I could pick up
black ops 2 black ops the modern warfare
series and just play those because I've
had so much fun with them there are
great games and instead of paying 60
bucks for a game I may not like i can
just pick a couple bucks for these games
and i already own most of them so i want
to pay that much money i can play the
games i really enjoy and i just have a
lot of fun with so I'm really hoping
Activision will allow backwards
compatibility for the xbox one because I
really like to go back and just play
black ops 2 mw2 and just not worry about
the black ops 3 because really doesn't
entice me that much and interest me so
those are basically my three reasons why
I probably won't be picking up black up
three unless something dramatic changes
um most like that when we picked up this
game so let me down in the comments
section below are you guys interest in
this game what aspect of quality black
ops 3 interest you the most and let me
know um if you haven't already make sure
to LIKE and subscribe bond and I'll see
you next time